TERMS & CONDITIONS
The Woof Gangs is a collection of digital artworks (NFTs) running on the Cardano Blockchain. This website serves only as a platform for participants to trade digital collectibles. Users are solely responsible for the security and management of their own private Cardano wallets, as well as validating and approving all transactions generated by this website. This website and its related services are provided "as is" and "as available," with no warranties expressed or implied. You accept sole responsibility for any and all transactions involving The Woof Gangs digital collectibles by using this website.
OWNERSHIP
you are the sole owner of the NFT. On the Cardano blockchain, each member of The Woof Gang is an NFT. You own the underlying The Woof Gang, the Art, completely when you buy an NFT.
For personal use only. The Woof Gang project grants you a worldwide, royalty-free license to use, copy, and display the purchased Art, along with any extensions you choose to create or use, solely for the following purposes, subject to your continued compliance with these Terms: (i) for your own personal, non-commercial use; I for your own personal, non-commercial use; (ii) as part of a marketplace that allows for the purchase and sale of your The Woof Gang / NFT, provided that the marketplace cryptographically verifies each The Woof Gang owner's rights to display the Art for their The Woof Gang to ensure that only the actual owner can display the Art; or (iii) as part of a third-party website or application that allows for the inclusion, involvement, or participation of your The Woof, and provided that once the owner of The Woof Gang leaves the website/application, the Art is no longer visible.
Commercial Use is permitted. The Woof Gang project grants you an unlimited, worldwide license to use, copy, and display the purchased Art to create derivative works based on the Art ("Commercial Use"), provided you continue to comply with these Terms. Use of the Art to produce and sell merchandise products (Mugs, T-Shirts, etc.) displaying copies of the Art is an example of such Commercial Use. Nothing in this Section will be construed to prevent you from I owning or operating a marketplace that allows the use and sale of The Woof Gangs in general, provided that the marketplace cryptographically verifies each The Woof Gang owner's right to display the Art for their The Woof Gang to ensure that only the actual owner can display the Art; or (ii) owning or operating a marketplace that allows the use and sale of The Woof Gangs in general, provided that the marketplace cryptographically (ii) owning or operating a third-party website or application that allows for the inclusion, involvement, or participation of The Woof Gangs in general, provided that the third-party website or application cryptographically verifies each The Woof Gang owner's rights to display the Art for their The Woof Gang to ensure that only the actual owner can display the Art, and provided that the third-party website or application does not allow for the inclusion, involvement, or participation of The Woof Gangs in general, and provided that Once the owner of the Purchased The Woof Gang leaves the website/application, the art is no longer visible; or (iii) earning revenue from any of the foregoing.